Content: Creating light secondary weapon pods. (#5793)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/weapons.txt

		"missile strength" 6
	description "The Meteor Missile is the cheapest and simplest homing weapon available in human space. Meteors are quickly destroyed by anti-missile systems, and their infrared tracking systems have trouble homing in on targets with low heat levels. Nevertheless, their large warheads can spell doom for poorly-defended targets when the missiles are fired in great numbers."

outfit "Meteor Missile Pod"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	cost 5000
	thumbnail "outfit/meteor pod"
	"mass" 1
	"outfit space" -3
	"weapon capacity" -3
	"gun ports" -1
	"meteor capacity" 7
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/meteor"
			"no repeat"
			"frame rate" .25
		sound "meteor"
		ammo "Meteor Missile"
		icon "icon/meteor"
		"fire effect" "meteor fire"
		"die effect" "missile death"
		"hit effect" "missile hit"
		"inaccuracy" 5
		"velocity" 11
		"lifetime" 350
		"reload" 200
		"burst count" 7

> 		"burst reload" 60

Reviewer: All the other pods have a `burst reload` value that's equal to the `reload` value of the base launcher, but this one does not. Recommend following the pattern:

```suggestion
		"burst reload" 80
```

		"firing energy" 1
		"firing heat" 20
		"acceleration" 1
		"drag" .1
		"turn" 1.8
		"homing" 1
		"infrared tracking" .65
		"shield damage" 260
		"hull damage" 160
		"hit force" 220
		"missile strength" 6
	description "The Meteor Missile is the cheapest and simplest homing weapon available in human space. Meteors are quickly destroyed by anti-missile systems, and their infrared tracking systems have trouble homing in on targets with low heat levels. Nevertheless, their large warheads can spell doom for poorly-defended targets when the missiles are fired in great numbers."

> 	description "	Pods are designed to enable fighters and other light craft to carry small quantities of munitions into battle. While they are quite efficient at launching their normal capacity, the reduced size results in a less efficient loader that doesn't accommodate boxes as well as a normal launcher."

Reviewer: Maybe something a bit simpler:

```suggestion
	description "	Pods enable fighters and other light craft to carry small quantities of missiles into battle while retaining enough space for other weapons. Large ships are better off with full-size launchers."
```

		"missile strength" 30
	description "Torpedoes are the most powerful homing weapon, but they move slowly enough that fast ships can simply outrun them, making them most useful against large targets or against small ships at times when they are too distracted to dodge. Torpedo launchers are also much larger than other missile systems, so they are most often found in capital ships."

outfit "Torpedo Pod"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	cost 30000
	thumbnail "outfit/torpedopod"
	"mass" 5
	"outfit space" -8
	"weapon capacity" -8
	"gun ports" -1

> 	"torpedo capacity" 5

Author: Yes, definitely. Not sure what I was thinking with having it at 5. Changed.

		"missile strength" 40
	description "Typhoon Torpedoes are an improved torpedo technology; they do considerably more damage than ordinary torpedoes. However, they are also much slower, because they are intended mostly for use against large and slow-moving capital ships. As a result, sufficiently skilled pilots can often dodge around them."

outfit "Typhoon Pod"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	cost 100000
	thumbnail "outfit/typhoonpod"
	"mass" 6
	"outfit space" -12
	"weapon capacity" -12
	"gun ports" -1

> 	"typhoon capacity" 5

Author: Likewise. Changed to 2.
